---
title: "Disclaimers (read this carefully)"
date: 2024-01-01
---

## Disclaimer

Treści na blogu ("DemystifAI", https://www.tgusciora.github.io) są wyłącznie wyrazem osobistych poglądów autora. Poglądy te nie mogą być w żaden sposób powiązane z potencjalnymi pracodawcami autora lub osobami związanymi z autorem. Autor nie ponosi odpowiedzialności za treści zawarte na stronach, do których prowadzą odsyłacze zawarte w artykułach na blogu. Wszystkie decyzje podjęte na podstawie informacji zawartych na tym blogu podejmujesz na własną odpowiedzialność.

## Disclaimers in english

### Disclaimer

Last updated January 20, 2024

### Website disclaimer

The information provided by DemystifAI("we","us," or "our") on https://www.tgusciora.github.io (the "Site") is for general informational purposes only. All information on the Site is provided in good faith, however we make no representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied, regarding the accuracy, adequacy, validity, reliability, availability, or completeness of any information on the Site. Under no circumstance shall we have any liability to you for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the site or reliance on any information provided on the site. Your use of the site and your reliance on any information on the site is solely at your own risk.

### External links disclaimer

The Site may contain (or you may be sent through the Site) links to other websites or content belonging to or originating from third parties or links to websites and features in banners or other advertising. Such external links are not investigated, monitored, or checked for accuracy, adequacy, validity, reliability, availability, or completeness by us. We do not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for the accuracy or reliability of any information offered by third-party websites linked through the Site or any website or feature linked in any banner or other advertising. We will not be a party to or in way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and third-party providers of products or services.

